Docs: Updated Reporting docs (#99665)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/create-reports/report-settings/index.md

title: Reporting settings
description: Manage organizational Reporting settings
weight: 700
---

# Reporting settings

You can configure organization-wide report settings and branding options in **Dashboards > Reporting > Settings**.
Settings are applied to all the reports for the current organization.

## Attachment settings

The options in this section control the branding and theming of the report attachments.

### PDF

- **Company logo** - Company logo displayed in the report PDF.
  Configure it by specifying a URL or uploading a file.
  The maximum file size is 16 MB.
  Defaults to the Grafana logo.

- **Theme** - Theme of the PDF attached to the report.
  The selected theme is also applied to the PDFs generated when you click **Preview PDF** during report creation or select the **Export as PDF** option on a dashboard.

>   If **Current** is selected, the PDF in the report is in the instance theme of the organization Admin, but the preview and exported PDFs are in the user's instance theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If **Current** is selected, the PDF in the report is in the instance theme of the report creator, but the preview and exported PDFs are in the user's instance theme.
```

  Defaults to **Light**.

### Embedded Image

- **Theme** - Theme of the dashboard image embedded in the email.

>   If **Current** is selected, the image in the report is in the instance theme of the organization Admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If **Current** is selected, the image in the report is in the instance theme of the report creator.
```
If the report creator has no theme set, then, it will fall back on the team or organization or server theme but I don't know if we should go into this much detail. We may want to point toward this doc as well: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/organization-preferences/#change-grafana-ui-theme
